From the Malboa Theater in San Diego, coming down 2015,
Harmontown is now in second, but brings better criticism out to the stage.
Hello, Comic-Con! Hello, San Diego! Thank you so much! God, I've been hydrating for you all day.
I got so drunk yesterday and I made up my mind. We're not doing a bad show for San Diego. Thank
you guys for coming out. We're in competition with Star Wars, Star Trek, Muppet movies,
whatever. Every major corporation that has anything to sell is selling it tonight at Nerd
Dance, NerdCan. This is the pop cultural epicenter of the year and of the country and these are the,
it looks like, 500 people or so that really loved us above all else. And we owe them an amazing show.
I will not leave this stage until each of you feels like you've got $30 worth of entertainment
and that's not fucking around. I'm going to do whatever I have to do for you,
but that also means I have to guard and protect you against abuses of your time.
But Dan, we have nothing for sale here except entertainment. They didn't buy that at all.
So we all just came from the same yacht. I think that's the most important thing.
Let's talk about the yachts. Actually, you know what? We can wait for that until our guest comes
out because I don't want her to have to wait too long. I'll talk about things that our guest
wasn't there for, like the fact that I got my testicles checked because I felt like I felt
like a small something and I was like, whatever, it's like in the tissues, but not the yacht.
Was it right above your balls? No, that's my penis. I felt something under the underside,
but I was like, I don't know. It's like life is going too good. I'm very happy and very much
in love and I'm working on things that I love and so of course I had to feel around until I found
something. It made me think like I got to go to the doctor. So I went to the doctor and my doctor
is like a bro. He makes jokes. He does bits. So then when he's like, so what's going on? I was
like, I think maybe a lump and he's like, in your butt? In your balls? Sorry, I didn't say in your
butt. You guys are making me nervous. He's like, in your balls and then he felt the balls and so
he's feeling my balls. He's like a guy. He's like a Scrubs character. He's just like a Zach
graphy and kind of like, he's just a bro. And so he's feeling my balls, but I really, I felt, I
didn't really, I touched my nipple. I reached up and I was like, I caught myself. He was just
feeling my balls around and I went, I reached up and I touched my nipple because as a reflex.
I don't know. And Cody had told me before, she said like, you touched your nipple when,
what? God damn it. Now I forgot. Oh, okay. Okay. So that's it. Yeah. Why is she off stage for that
line? Because she's not check off. She should be on stage for the action. That's I leave that up
to her. I don't want to play. She's not a performer. She doesn't like the spotlight unless it's
unconditional. But she wants to hold your dick while you pee. Well, yeah, but she wanted to remind
me the story. We were in a hotel and she's like, I want to hold your dick when you pee. A lot of
people will testify to this. This is the kind of stuff that's not politically correct, but it's
like, like, it's something that people do. It sounds romantic as hell. Can I aim your wiener
while you pee? And she told me that I was touching my nipple while she was doing it. I was like,
no, I wasn't. Because there's nothing really sexual about it. It was just a favor for a friend.
Like, there you go. That's like coming to the firehouse and you go like, don't play with matches
and okay, here's what a hose is like. She said, you touched your nipple. I was like, no, I didn't
because I was like, but then the doctor was like checking my testicles and I was like playing
with my nipple. Right. And then I went, so what I'm saying is we're all the same.
I think what you're saying is we're all a little different.
No, we're all the same. Now it's always the same nipple when she was holding your wiener and he
was checking your balls. Is it left hand to left nipple? I don't know. I mean, I don't know what
I did when she was helping me. But I remember this because I remember the sensation of me going
like, what am I doing? Because I was like, I was like shifting around for him. I was like,
on the bottom side. And then I was like, neat. Do you think it's a more of a comfort thing
than a sexual thing? Or is it, are those two things related? Well, I think that things that
give you comfort is anything that gives you comfort is a potential addiction and addiction is like
your neurology growing around something. So as my therapist says, if you have your first drink
when you're 12 years old, like the experience you have is, oh my God, I had a cup of this stuff and
it had, I had a great night. So it's not the same when you do it when you're 16. And it's not the
same when you do it when you're 32 because your neurology like develops a relationship around
the process. So you have no idea at any given time, if you think you're doing what you want to do,
it might be something that your brain thinks you want to do because wanting to want to do it
makes you want to feel, want to, want to, want to. Like it does it, it might just be garbage. And
then you have to combine that with, gee, I wonder if we're vulnerable to an oligarchy hypnotizing
us on a mass scale and doctorinating our values to a left and right margin. Do you think Dr.
Braff, your doctor, do you think somebody whose job is to put fingers in that many butts and touch
that many balls for lumps and for serious reasons, sees a certain range of behavior,
like a lot of nipple touching or a lot of, I don't know, man, like, like neck scratching or,
he seems like the kind of guy that would definitely, if he had seen, if he thought there was a joke to
be had, he would have made it. Like this is a guy like, he does bits. He's like a funny Beverly
Hills doctor. He's a bro. He's a bro. Don't we go to the same doctor? No, same office. Same
office, but you get some classic. Yeah, my guy thinks he's funny, but he's really not funny.
That's every doctor. Like, I'm sorry if you're a doctor, like, you think you're funny, but
people are terrified. They're chuckling nervously. Like, they're like, like, it's weird. If you're
a doctor and you think you're funny, you need to think again, because you work all day with people
who have been, like, basically waterboarded. I haven't had a full, like, medical, like, blood test,
the whole thing. I said, give me the works. I want to know if I'm dying, living forever. Like, I want
to know everything about me. And he gave me the whole stuff and he called me up and he was like,
okay, this is good. This is great. He goes, your liver kidneys are fine. I'm like, what? I couldn't
believe that, by the way. I never can. He keeps telling me my liver's great. I'm like, if you say
so. Maybe his liver scanner is off or maybe the thumpet. But he goes, you, I don't know,
is this one thing that's kind of an anomaly, Jeff, you're just a little bit of, like, density in
your red blood cells. Maybe you need to get a little more folic acid, B vitamins in your diet.
I said, well, I am vegetarian. And he goes, I thought you were a Libra. And I paused. I paused
on the phone for as long as I could. Like, I think eight seconds. And I said, I'm sorry, I was just
putting that on your chart. So that's the thing. Okay. I want to, by the way, Spencer, how are
you? Oh, I'm great. Yeah. No. It's, it's, uh, yeah, this is great. I just sit here and I get
applause. It's amazing. I was kicking up the street, walking up the road from down by the, the, uh,
the marina up to the theater here at the Balboa. And I just walked by Spencer and he's like,
Hey, man, how's it going? Something made so much sense about just walking by Spencer at
Comic Con. And it felt so good. Well, yes and no, because Spencer doesn't dig crowds and like
people. So this is simultaneously, this is definitely, this is the place where you'd be most
like regarded and simultaneously probably most possibly unhappy. Oh yeah. Both of those things.
No, it's great. People, people say hi. They're just like, Oh, Spencer. And I'm like, Oh, you.
Except, except you fucking bolted back to that yacht when those Game of Thrones people showed up.
Oh, no, I was on a very specific and private Aaron. It was great. Getting, getting weed. Oh,
no. That was the public part of the air. Dan yacht spoilers. Yeah. Come on. No, no,
no, I was typing about it that we came from, but why don't we bring out our guest? She plays
Summer on Rick and Morty Spencer Crittenden here. I think. Yeah. Hello, Spencer. Hello. Oh, God.
We have, we have a, we have a surfer to Spencer's up here. We're being surfered. Yeah. I didn't
realize that they were talking about you. Yeah. Sorry. They kept saying Spencer on the way over
and it's like that at the office. They're like, Oh, Spencer's coming. And I'm like, I haven't
heard about this at all. Spencer has to record and Spencer to this. Yeah. Can I,
should I go by Carl tonight? I'll be Carl. Okay. It'll work. It's a good name. No, no,
it's not. I don't know. That's, I think it's a worse name. Sorry. Carl's the worst name.
There's probably Carl's out there. I hope so. Give a middle name, Spencer. Oh, yeah. What?
Karen. Carl. Both of our middle names start with the sound. Yeah. Oh, my middle name is not
actually Carl. I just, it's worse than Carl, which I've called a terrible name. So I'll lose if I
reveal it. What's your middle name? We can all look it up. Yeah. No, look it up. You and I
am DB. I am to be proud. I'm going to the script templates on Final Draft. Did you write a script
for me? Where the fuck is the community in Rick and Morty? Open from, come on. Come on. What's
your middle, what's your, what's your middle name? Spencer. Mine? Yeah. Karen. Karen. Yeah.
Kay. With a K. Yeah. Spencer. I don't know how. See what spell it? C.
Q. C-H. Koran. It's a different Joe. I'm sorry, you guys. I'm not even, what are you doing?
What are you doing? I'm sorry. There's a podcast. We're literally just, I'm opening up old drafts
of scripts. What's going on? It's like looking through, this is Steve Levy's laptop, so I won't
dig too hard. Let's go through, let's go through Steve Levy's shit right now. Let's even have an
opportunity. Let's see his photos. Oh shit. Find some, all right. Those are like nice people.
That was his fraternity. Sigma Pi. Aw. Okay. Behind the scenes. Aw. He's so cute. Look at him.
That was his first girlfriend. Oh my God. Or his mother. Find a folder. Oh, was that me? Go back.
I'm hungab like un-gab. All right. Wait, check out those emojis. That might tell us something.
Okay, we got black. Look at these recently used emojis. The black Dan is a popular one. I gotta
say. What's a photo? I know it's a photo, Dan. Well, what do you want to go to those emojis?
They're already there. These are the recently used emojis. They tell you his story. No one's
asking you to click on it. We're looking to glean information about Steve Levy. Why is the snowman
the first one? That's what I want to know. What kind of monster? This one. This one. Shy monkey,
I know about. The Shy Monkey, Steve Levy, like any number of Shy Monkeys. Yeah, see no evil monkey.
He does that every time. Cody and I, for instance, we have a thing where every time you talk about
when he's on your dick to pee. We'll try to trick Steve Levy. We'll go, hey, does the PR department
have one photo or something? Can I send you one? And then we'll send him a photo that Cody took
of me laying on a hotel bed with my balls hanging out of my underwears. And he keeps, and then
there's all the Shy Monkey responses. But also, can we talk about your balls in that photo, Dan,
because your balls look spectacular in that photo. They're almost admitting their own light.
This is amazing. His photo roll, he's such a company man. Yeah, really. There's gotta be one
weird dick pic in here, some horrible thing. There's gonna be one, yeah, it's gonna be like this.
There we go. Oh, so cute. Marlon Brando. Tindermuch. Stanley. Oh, that's a real monkey. What is
that? That's a dick pic. That's a weird dick pic. Oh, that is. His dick looks like weird turkey
jerky. Oh, this is something we can analyze. Somebody's gonna crush him. That's his sister,
right? Okay. Oh, I have a crush. Okay, all right. He loves his family. Okay, we've been in that
too. This is so unethical. You know what, this could blow back on me. Yeah, no shit. I hear
I'm thinking, like, let's go through his underwear. Like, dude, like, you know, you're gonna find your
bag of cocaine in his underwear. Like, yeah, he's like, he's sitting back there going, I don't,
yeah, keep going, motherfucker. It's just gonna be a receipt for your shot therapy. That's what the
snowman means. It's a cocaine snowman. Why is number one emoji on this thing snowman? That
means he's clearly a dealer. Right, yeah, is it snowing in LA? Or is it snowing in San Diego?
Maybe he moonlights as one of Santa's elves. Steve, do you want to come out and defend yourself?
Possibility. Steve, Steve Levy, everybody, just bring him out, Steve Levy.
Oh, man. Let's talk about that snowman first. What's the deal? And then I want to talk about
how many black Santas he used. What? It's true. Don't look it up. I didn't hear her. Yeah, it's
true. What's the question? Snowman. Spill. I use that for, like, hugs.
Because it's like a snowman. He's got his arms out. Right. And he's made of ice. And you hug him
and he'll melt and die. And he's not of woman born. He's a fucking robot. And you're...
The children say he could dance and play just as much as you and me.
All right. Well, what do you guys want the community movie to be about? Because I got to
start writing a page. So Troy, he's on a pirate ship that he's taken over because he was a captive
off-screen. Every once in a while, I'm going to write a page a minute. So, does anybody have a
timer? Yeah, yeah. Oh, this is what Steve's crate at. Logistics. He's like, I have a timer. Oh,
this is a terrible, wait, this is a terrible template. I don't know why. This is how I met your
mother. I need to speak here. Don't go to open recent because that's revealing some secret
project we're working on. Dan, I want to take, like, six strips of paper and I want to hand
these out to people. I just want lines of dialogue that somebody might say in this. I
just want a neutral line of dialogue. Maybe Dan will use it. I think ask them who has a pen
first. Yeah, don't let them take any pens from us. We'll need those for later. And you ready?
Well, let me... I want to do an act thing. Somehow get stuck on outlines.
Well, whatever. It's act one. I mean, you'll know that. Like, we'll have a writer's assistant clean
this up. It sounds good. James, you're new. I don't think that's...
Yeah, let's change up here. Alright, here we go.
Pirate ship interior. So one minute and then we'll get back to the show. Alright, let's do it.
And Jeff, you can read what I'm writing for the people that are listening to us.
Interior pirate ship captain's cabin. She's closer to you. Yeah.
I don't know anything about the community that well. So you'll have to give me names.
Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'll... I'm pausing. I'm pausing.
There we are. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's some... See, what podcast could change fonts to that size
that quickly? But I need to shrink it a little bit. Also, what podcast is writing with the worst
one you set it to? It's an odd choice. Podcast Gold. Sorry, I need to shrink it a little bit.
Oh, geez. You're doing it. Okay. Oh, yes. At his map, or his leisure map.
I want leisure map to be a real thing. It's like a treasure map, but for leisure.
X marks the bed. He has a red macaw.
Well, it's dotted also. Oh, very... Yeah, you should know that they're trying to go somewhere.
Yeah. Sorry, there was a macaw. There's a red macaw in the corner.
Wait, is she narrating or... It's a give and take situation right now.
Ghost writing. This is what real writing is, you guys. Treasure! Treasure, I'm holding it.
Of course. This is my best red macaw impression. Someone needs to enter now. Yeah, there we go.
A girl? Can it be... Oh, male. Okay, damn it. Can we make him peg legs?
And that's a minute. We did it. That's a minute. Damn it.
And a powered male. Finally, a white powered male. Okay, all right. Unsettled.
How I met your mother three is the perfect title.
Well, let's put that on the desktop next to Jordan Levy resume. Okay.
Wait, heck am I? Unsettled. How am I... Man, I should not have used my mother three.
Better mine than dance. Yeah, that would be nice.
All right, let's talk about dogs, racism, comic-con, sexual harassment.
What about the boat party? Let's talk about this yacht party.
Are we done? Is that all we're doing now? Okay, Levy, didn't you get a tarot card reading?
She was a hack. Did Cody tell you what she said?
I was there. Yeah, well, she texted me to ask you about it.
He's going to find love. So Cody... No, it was James and his wife,
Roxy, they were like, oh, man, tarot cards. You guys, you should get your tarot read.
And then I was like, I don't know. That sounds kind of strange.
And that's not for me. This is how everyone gets their tarot card just read.
Yeah. Well, okay, so Cody comes and she's like, you're doing it. And she sits me down and this lady,
she's like, asked me questions. Well, she asked me to shuffle the deck. I shuffled the deck.
She's like, what do you want to know? What's a question you want answered?
And I said, I don't know, something about balance. How do I get balance in my life?
Sure. Typical question. Yeah.
And Cody's like, no, that's a bad question. Say, like, ask about your love life. And I was like,
all right, let's do something about my love life. Ask them about something they've rehearsed answering.
They're like, I don't know. Snickers. Come on, ask me, what are the three things you're supposed
to ask so I can do my cold reading technique? So she goes, okay, so you want to figure out
how to balance your work life with love life and all this other stuff? And I was like, yeah,
sure, that's great. All right, shuffle the deck, put the cards out on the table. And then she's
like, okay, pick five cards. And I picked five cards. And she put them in this weird cross.
And she went, whoa, you got some weird cards. This is weird.
And she gave you your money back. That'll be $85. Sorry, I can't help you. Weird cards.
It's like when you take a Honda to the mechanic. And then she was like,
she gives you like a one sentence readout, like a broad like, okay, here's the deal.
And I don't really remember what she said. It was one of something along the lines of like,
no, continue.
I bet she, yeah, it sounds like she was like, oh, this is weird.
Okay, so what did she say, Levy? She said you were going to meet a girl from a crowd of
no, she said, she said, you need to focus on work right now. Work is your life. You got to keep
working really hard because work is your love life. Because now it's not the time for anything
else in your life. Except for work. I agree. And she said, no, I slipped her a hundred
before. Just tell him work is his future. Cody, Cody looked at me and she went, oh,
this woman's a hack and then stopped listening instantly. Yeah. And then I was like, okay,
explain to me these cards. And she was like, okay, look, you got these like pentacles,
which are coins and, and then you have a lot of swords. She was like, there are a lot of
swords. She was like, you got some really rare cards in here. Let me show you how they all
link together. And how are there rare cards that she uses all the time? I didn't put this
Joker in here. It's like cards less chosen, I guess. Or like, whatever. It's heck. Well,
no, but what did she say? So, okay, so she said, okay, she said that it's very clear
you're in an apprenticeship and you're working really hard. And this middle card means this
is a guy physically making coins. And he's working really hard to make coins. So she was
saying like, you know, that's what you're doing. That's like your life right now. That guy is
that guy. And the guy below is like this guy is who's like a who's like a who's like a humble
whatever. And he's working really hard. And then the thing the cards to the left was strength,
was a woman holding a lion's jaw open. And she was like, you're really strong and really great
at what you're doing. And whatever, don't stop because the top card was some kind of sword
thing. It was like a strong sword. And she was like, which means eventually, you will be like
king, you're going to get to where you want to be. You're going to kill me. No, no, no. That's
where this goes. If we're on Game of Thrones. I figured that I'm fine with that. But but but
the card to the right of the center was nine swords down. And she's like, this is a sad card.
This is like you're Jewish. He'll be sad for killing him. This is a huge card. She said that
you're going to have some kind of like emotional turmoil in the future that you'll have to work
through, whether that's like an emotion, like like something internal. Yeah, bold prediction. Yeah.
She really risked a lot. There will be a death in your family. Eventually. I see good times and bad
times. She brought it all back around. It was like, this is not the time for love or anything
else in your life, except for working as an apprentice. And you'll get to where a crewing
disposable income and frequent visits to me, your chiropractor. I mean, tarot card lady. They're
all the same. They're all the same. All right. Back back on community. What is it? Okay. So these
are phrases that I was supposed to work into the I just said. People might write down holy s. Maybe
incorporate some of this dialogue. All right. Can we get like, let's try multitasking. I'm going
to write. I'm going to try to finish this page while we talk about the fact that we were on the
Game of Thrones yacht. Yeah, that was the game of Thrones yacht. It was the Justin
Rylan, Rick and Morty, Alex Hirsch, like, but apparently the Game of Thrones people really
like Rick and Morty. You walked down. Let me set the stage for you. Walk down at the back of the
Marriott into Marina and you go to and I went through the gate and I said, where do we go? We're
on the F dock. Yeah, you see that boat down there? The one with the smokestack. I'm like,
the one that looks like the old yachts. I thought we're going to be on some like crappy little boat
and we'd all be jammed on like a little tiny thing. It was this big ass yacht. And but like old
timey, it's a 1929 yacht called High Spirits. And it looks like the like the Rockefellers might
have fucked on that but yacht at one point. And there was there was veggie burgers and sliders
on top. And I didn't see those. You didn't go on top. No, I only did. I stopped when all of the
Game of Thrones people were there. I got stuck. Spencer, you're nerding out. We have to get code
on which Spencer. I'll call you Carl. Carl and grammar. Yeah. Okay. Spencer G. Yeah. What up?
What up? I didn't even cross your path, but then I'm walking through one of the like areas of the
boat like around the bow and I turn a corner and I see a guy and he's this kind of good looking
chubby dude. And I look and it's Samwell. Yeah. Like the guy that likes books. He killed the white.
He killed the white Walker with the dragon glass. I just walking through. I didn't know that there
was ever going to be Game of Thrones people. And I go, I try to go, Oh, and I put my hand out and he
gives me like his kind of, you know, it's like kind of nervous, like Samwell hands. Is that his name?
Samwell? I think so. Yeah. And he goes, Hey, I go, Oh, shit. I don't know his name. I'm like,
I love you on the show. And he goes, Oh, that's really nice. I'm like, Jesus Christ. Then I turn
the corner and there's Ramsey. Yeah. Everybody's there. He's a lot less pale in real life. Also,
he's, he's, he's, he's, he's, he's quite, he's quite small. I didn't officially get to meet Ramsey,
although he said, excuse me, as he walked by, I was, I walked up, I was, there were shots and
Justin was doing shots and fucking Ramsey Bolton was doing shots. And his arms were sinewy and
veins. And he's like, his veins and biceps. And then he spoke and he said, he was the same guy.
He said, that's the thing about the Game of Thrones people. I've never been that big a fan of
anything that everybody has, all their faces were like, you're the guy, you're the person.
And the, the, one of the actors was, she was the unassuming jolly lady. It was drinking and
everybody's like, like, like, and she goes, I think her friend said, do you know who this is?
And she's like, give her the look and she like makes this look. And I'm like, wait, I know that
look. And it's like, she's, she's, she's, she's the, she's the girl who truly has no name, who like
stabs Arya. She's the fucking terminator of the. She is the terminator of a Game of Thrones.
Everybody on the ship, there was a, Sir No Fingers and you know, I don't, Sir No Fingers was on
there. I mean, they say his character is going to come back from the dead, Sir No Fingers. He's
going to grow all of his fingers back. The guy who, the guy who tried to close the deal at the
Iron Bank by going, look, he's, he's, he's great at accounting. That guy was hanging out. Everybody,
everybody was, Spencer, Spencer G, you were saying that there was Davos? That's him, Davos, Sir No
Fingers. And, and, and the eunuch, the eunuch, Varys, Varys was there. I didn't see anything.
Wait, Varys was there? Varys was there because he had, and he had a tan. And so nobody recognized
him. He just looked like George Hamilton. My husband has known him for many years because he
has done, he worked in the London Theater. My, my husband was a firefighter, so he would work the,
the fire department stuff that they did. I don't know, they just walked shows basically. So he's
known him forever and he's Irish. And, and when I watched Game of Thrones, like, I really attracted
to him. So it was really awkward. To the eunuch? Tonight. Yeah, I know. It's weird. I know. It's
okay. I'm dealing with it. So, so I was, I was shocked and amazed that I had like a 10 minute
conversation with him. That's my husband back there. I wish firefighter you're here. What's your
name, sir? James. James. Hello, James. James. Um, but yeah, it was really amazing. Were you there on the yacht too, James? No, I mean, I'm
embellishing now that I know they are here. Well, he's a eunuch, so it's fine. Exactly. Nothing can
happen. Yeah. Yeah. And he got his revenge. He got that whatever his name is. Is the guy in the box?
That potion guy in the box. How come we've never figured out where that box guy went to? He just,
he's somewhere. He just carries him with him every time he's traveling. Yeah, I don't know. It was just
like a glimpse of his back story. Right? And then it never got revealed later. I mean, can they bring
that back? There was a backdoor pilot about the box wizard that HBO was trying to shop around. They were
going to do like a spin-off. The box wizard. Yeah, I feel like the rally were. Hello. My name's
Amanda Faes Langwermer. Years ago, I horribly mutilated a child to get red magic from my blood
to get the blood magic. I had no idea. He's gonna be like, this is my story. It was rough. It was
a rough episode. Okay. It was pretty, it was pretty amazing, actually, because I didn't really know
what to expect to go on to that yacht. I thought I was just going to be like, I don't slam people,
I'm rick and morty people, and then like the entire cast of Game of Thrones was there. So it was
just a rick and morty and game of thrones party, which I thought was extremely exclusive. And I had
no idea I fit into that crowd, like a hall-aged crowd. I was at the indigo room earlier.
I had gotten the boat quite early before anybody was there. We got on very early,
my friend and I, and we came in there, and it's a boat built in 1929, and I'm six with four with
like heels on my shoes, like dress shoes. So I had to duck everywhere I go. So I'm hodor. I'm
walking through, like, I'm walking through things. And so I'm meeting people that are on Game of Thrones
who are quite, we, and, but, so I'm talking to them. Hello. Like I, my head is tilted. I didn't
like that. I felt like a weird character in the Game of Thrones. And apparently, so last night,
the rumors spread throughout the adult swim party that hodor was a DJ, and then he was DJing at
this club. The Omnia. So everybody was like, let's go see hodor DJ. And we went. So you and I and
Ryan Ridley and like a bunch of other people went to this club that was like, we were all dressed
like San Diego tourists. And the club was like velvet rope and just like very like, it was,
it was like. And they spray this like cold air. Like no one from Comic Con was like,
you know, it was like, it was like bottle service, kind of like grody, grody chic. And,
and then like, I got a text from somebody that I texted in a Hail Mary, and they said,
say this. And I said what they said and they were like, all right, come on in. And we were like,
and it was like. And we were like, hold on. But like hodor wasn't there. But like Ridley and I
were just like, hold on. And we were also high and drunk. And so Ridley was like, Ridley was like
dancing like in the front row of this thing. And I was just like whispering in his ear doing like
this hodor rap, like to the beat. I was like, hold door, hold the door, gonna hold the door,
and then hold three more, gonna hold those doors and hold it's more, gonna hold every door, and
you go to the wall, hold on, go in the wall of World War three, gonna hold on, gonna hold the
door for me, gonna hold the door, and then hold four doors, gonna hold some more doors, and then
hold them all on. And he was like crying. And then we left like in five minutes. You left the
meeting. And you're like, bye. I need earplugs. We hung out for five minutes, I did hodor jokes,
and then we left. Apparently hodor had been up there before we got there. Sorry, because I ran
into Jonah Ray. And he was like, did you guys go to the hodor show? And I was like, no, I guess he
didn't go to opera. And he's like, no, he was up before you guys got there. And it was like, so, okay,
so what happened? He's like, he's just like a giant DJ. And he, and he was like, I guess he's like
Swedish or who knows what, you know, and like, we only says one word anyway. He only says like
flow, flow more. That's Jeff, that's Jeff. That's Jeff.
You should be DJ flow more. But, but he's like, Jonah said, like, yeah, he came up and was like,
like, go figure. And then he did that for a while and I was like, yay. And then, and then at one
point he dropped the beat and was like, how's everybody doing tonight? And, and, and everyone
went, hold on. And he went, he like shook it off. Like, we don't know if what did he think was
going to happen? We don't know if he was bummed out. Like, does that mean he was he hated it?
Or that's just from the Cirque du Soleil was here nine years ago. That was the last feather.
Actually, yeah, there's still acid on that. Yeah, he, I mean, I like that. It's like,
like Jonah raised impression of Hodor just like, he just, he just, it's like a golden retriever
coming out of a swamp. But we don't know loves it hates it. Well, who cares? He just like,
time to get back to French. And he's like, how's everybody doing? Hold on. That's just a job.
Everybody, the Game of Thrones people are super chill and they're able to be because they're
all foreigners. They don't like, they are like, like, like, like, Sam Well, who you see Sam Well,
like, like, you haven't lived, like this guy, but he looked exactly like you all look exactly like
what they are. You give him one, you give him one fur vest and he's fucking ready to go exactly the
fucking dudes like the guy Davos had the fucking beardage. It's all just hanging out and vaping
and stuff. And I was like, and Sam Well had this fucking, he was just dressed like fucking like
a, like a, like a cool street magician. But he was like, but he's Sam Well, and I'm not saying
like he wasn't, he's not, he wasn't trying to pull anything off. Like he looked great. Like,
but he's just like, and you're like, Oh yeah, you look, you look great, but he's not Sam Well,
he's not wearing a leather cloak today, but he was like hanging out a black button up shirt.
And he's like, yeah, hey. And I was like, so they're all from like Manchester and, and, and,
and Belfast and all this stuff and they shoot in all these different cities. And so they just,
this was like their fourth Comic Con. And they, and I was like, I just kept asking the same question
over and over again, which is like, how do you handle it? How do you do it? How do you bum? And
I think they, that's the question we all ask them because we're all those like, Oh, what would
happen if you ever had this much? And I think because they're from Europe, they're kind of like,
they don't really even understand that question. Like, and not in a like a high roadie, humble,
braggy way. It's like, well, they don't, they don't have the same culture. And so it's like,
they're kind of like, this is amazing. And then they go, they're going to go back to Manchester
and they hang out. I'm sure they're lying, you know, that they go home and they're like, I'm a
fucking God. And they snort a million lines of cocaine. And there's like, fucking three, like
children tied up and they're like, fuck you. I look at my phones all the time. I realized,
I have to get out of here soon to get to the Balboa, do the show. And I went to say goodbye to
you, Dan. So like, I'm, I'm leaving soon. And I looked and Justin Reiland, whom I've known forever,
because like channel 101 and the house of Cosby is and all the stupid stuff that we've made.
And now Rick and Morty and he's up there and he's got like 19 glasses out. And it's just
to keep the shots for all the Game of Thrones people. All of our nerdy friends and some of the
Game of Thrones cast is fucking crazy. It was really cool. Yeah. I can't believe I didn't see
Jairus or Davos. Are you right right now? It was, it was pretty amazing. Yeah. Because I was
watching everybody line up at Holly, it's like my hotel room is from there. So everyone was just
like sleeping and down there. And I was like, God, I kind of wish I was down there too. But I have
our panel today anyway. So to actually meet all of them, like just regular chilling on a boat was
cool. Yeah. I wish that boat just kind of unmoored and just went out to sea. We just like, we'd
probably survive. I mean, they'd know how to do it. I don't know. People were pretty drunk.
It's okay. We can't live on those stale veggie burgers forever.
I didn't have one. So sorry. Actually, they were pretty good.
Were you all on the boat?
Did you see the unfolds it? I mean, it's a treasure map.
It's a movie.
No one knows the words of that fucking. Yeah. It's a little bit for my time.
Wow. It's okay. Spencer T, let's talk about your strappy shoes. You got a back story for
these strappy shoes? They were $15. Oh, damn. They're on sale.
That's a good story. Thanks. No, I was wearing heels earlier and I just was like, fuck it.
This is ridiculous. Thank you. I was wearing heels last night and there were two girls behind
me as I was walking back to our hotel after the Hodor event. And they were like, I can't
believe she's wearing heels. How was she even surviving? I mean, if I had to wear heels and
I was like, I'm not wearing heels tomorrow night. This is embarrassing now. I guess I should have.
I should have a personal chauffeur is what I should have. Can I share a darker side of
Comic-Con with you guys? Please do. Because it's not all fun and games. I got in a cab,
as one does, and the cab driver, he said, you're here for Comic-Con? I said, yes. And he said,
how's your humor? And I said, like the four humors? I said, I don't know. It's, it's not good. I don't,
I don't know. And he said, well, can you tell me what the Joker calls Batman's motorcycle?
And I was like, I kept, I ran through all the racist possibilities. I was like, I don't know,
Chinese, brown, I was just like racist, racist, racist. And then I was like misogyny, misogyny.
Like what is it? How is this, how does this hurt people? Because a cab driver is asking me knock,
knock. So how can the who's there hurt someone? And I was like, I don't know. And he said,
so the question was, can you tell me what Joker calls Batman's motorcycle? And I said, I don't know.
And he said, Yama ha ha ha ha. And then he just kept driving as if he hadn't ruined my day.
He was like, so anyways, left up here. I'm like, left up here. Life means nothing now.
Let me out. Let me out. Yeah, like keep, drive faster and let me fucking jump out.
And just let me dip my head out and just fucking shave back my brain off on the concrete so that
I can lean back up and hopefully just fit in until I die. That never, never might be.
This is. It's so parallel to a joke. I heard a long time ago. What is Popeye's favorite book of the
Bible? Have a cook. It's the same joke. It's stupid. Stupid. It's not. All the local businesses,
like it's the constant reminder it's like it's like on one hand we all come together and we all go
we're all not so different and then but then in the form of like the the weight staff and the
managers of the local businesses you you get reminded of like oh the world is run by my dad
because like people just be like like there's a pizza restaurant I'll be like flash pizza
because the cheese is fast they're just trying so hard but they refuse to pick up a fucking comic
but they're like I'm not look you nerds are here this week the Japanese will be here next week
I'm not gonna fucking like I don't give a shit it's a city of festivals I don't fucking like like
fuck you like we're like the we're like Bespin we just fucking like we're Babylon 5 people come
through like we're gonna lose the chargers any day now we all we have is this shit we went
at the US Grand Hotel which is a fancy old school hotel on their fancy cocktail menu one of them
was the white walker that's that's pretty hip man is it is it just a white Russian it was but there
was blue in it what was it rum what the hell was it blue kerkow yeah yeah you just like the drink
specials are like the the the super gimlet super gimp the hulking tequila sunrise the fantastic
four hot wing platter her how many hot wings are there seven four but why because it's the name
I don't know nerd get the fuck out of here god damn it like could at least be eight so at least
it's like multiple you know it's like two per fucking guy it's like no they're like look I know
it's a do you want do you want the spider-man plate to have fucking spiders on it I saw one bar
have you ever been to run a hooters the way hooters needs to be run yeah please doctor hooters
oh man doctor hooters they should put that sign up now immediately
that's how you spell you go mix
in a skirt the logo is a police box with tits oh my god the police box has tits oh
all right well let's let's talk about no don't stop now we have something good going well someone
someone needs to read what i'm doing for the doctor hooters waitress 34 approaches we have to
go back to this okay into your doctor hooters moments later jeff winger 34 enters jeff i'd like
some hot wings doctor hooters waitress 34 approaches you can have three only three hot
next hot wings um that's fine but um can i sit first you might have i said first i'm so impressed
how fast who's doctor ever doctor hooters waitress i fucked up it's all good yeah i was hoping she'd
say something like well you can have the the doctor who who who do you wear or what are you
wearing or i don't know you know i'll think it's fine i'm trying to come up with some really good
pun i know you hate those can i pitch a name for the evil manager of of dr hooters okay pitch away
dave ross 34 walks up in a wheelchair thank you may i help you thank you i don't know who are we
it's like is this a real person that we're davros oh davos not davos davros davos enters the guy that
wants me may i help you well you put him in a wheelchair that means nothing can be wrong with
him yeah he has to be just a nice person now davros exterminate that guy in the thing is davros
right yeah he's i love that for some reason it's like dr acula i mean he can't
and then and then the hooters waitress stabs him like fucking just because she can bullet dodged
her anyway is
let me show you to your fucking seat god this way
okay she shows him a seat it shapes like a king kong hand jeff regards it suspiciously
suspicious mounting suspect that chair then of being a king kong hand oh sure this the tension
is mounting someone else can play jeff it's okay i'm not i'm not like totally sold on my voice for
death the waitress is full mixed but non plus yet non plus oh nice punch chef okay ready
dr waitress there's your title just sit in it she gives him a gentle shove
close on her fingertips as they plant a blanking device on his lapel okay let's talk about uh rape
culture it's bad oh who's run up against it today me me we uh we also have clips
at some point oh yeah it's oh i'm sorry yeah some of you came here i i i did a lot of things to
try to get you all here uh who's dissatisfied who's really who's like i hate this show
there's like a section over here yeah do you guys have a representative is there like somebody
who's like i can i can speak for everybody when i say like like looks shows terrible
they're pointing at one guy i mean you'll come up and then you'll say stuff and everyone
will hate you and they'll believe you fuck that okay let's just let that happen and
fucking leave okay yeah there's clips of what that's all we wanted to do is reverse bully you
yeah we're just insecure about having a bad show so we're like fuck you fuck you fuck you
we got we got i will make it good i will fucking bleed for you and my blood will merge with your
blood in the same dirt that we were born of you ungrateful prick you fucking terrible person i'm
kidding we've got some justin roilyn voiced we have okay so we have like i almost want to give
people a choice because i have a 10 minute clip that has nothing that's like it's rick and morty
related and it's like really well done it is good but it's real funny it's i mean you're
gonna be sitting here watching a thing for 10 minutes but it is it's uh so it's there was
this court case that happened um recently and it went viral a little bit sub viral uh it happened
in atlanta georgia it was georgia yeah georgia courthouse uh there was transcripts of the court
case where the guy that uh it was being he was trying to fire his lawyer so he could represent
himself and the judge is like talking to him and going like you shouldn't represent yourself and
it's just a transcript of that but it takes a lot of fucking turns and it's insane like the guy just
starts like yelling at the judge and then after a while the judge like goes around the bend uh and
you like just when you think you know who you're rooting for i don't know but it was how many
of you are familiar with what i'm talking about just by a father okay so it's like yeah it went
kind of sub viral it like you know there was a Kardashian doing something that day it was like
it didn't it didn't quite make it but like when it was at its peak and we were like reading it in
the writers room rick and morty and then erica haze like one of our favorite storyboard artists
at rick and morty justin reander her and said like can you just draw let's do because we were
reading it out loud and i was like we should just do this like like and get it out put it on youtube
so it was like draw rick and morty doing this scene and and justin's like yeah like morty should be
the judge and rick should be the uh the plaintiff uh or not the plaintiff the uh defendant yeah
because it's the guy so so we do erica haze like uh like like i mean she fucking scrambled on it her
her art is so great it's like like uh and justin like like recorded it in in the bay and like um
it's it won't seem like 10 minutes in my opinion because i played it for you yeah it's the audio
and it's like it goes by pretty quick but i would like it to be an hour i think the important thing
you have to understand is that this is word for word literally verbatim you can look it up online
this is absolutely word for word um not a single word is different from the actual court transcript
this actually happened in a courtroom recently in the 21st century without and it wasn't rick and
morty in in the court and it was not rick and morty although it seems like it was it's listening
to and so can we just yeah let's do it oh oh oh you you need this uh
so what i do think for those of you who might be like oh i'm listening to this on audio it
actually no it functions fine as audio is all you're seeing is not very visual two images but but
yeah they work well but i do i also have a clip of season three from season three of rick and
morty but i actually i i actually think this is like this is kind of the i mean i don't know
yeah well it's arguably better but yeah this may never be seen again who knows uh maybe yeah
legally and maybe we can't we don't know yeah but it's like a public document it's like that was
that went over 10 times better than i thought i mean like i that's crazy
that actually all happened yeah i think you stole my phone oh yeah it's because i yeah it was it was
borsa happens it was on my chair so i get to keep it i don't know where your phone is oh i
i pick i feel like i i must admit did you check the other oh deep around the shuttle give it a
blend i did oh yeah fucking amazing for a bag of coffee for a bag i there's so many i mean the guy
like they call him butt man like that's a truck fuck man that's a hero's journey because you don't
know like you start going like well it's probably hard to be a judge like that's the world of common
day as joseph cambell would call it it's like it's probably hard to be a judge like these guys i'm
sure they all have a big opinion about how they should how things should work and boy they're
you know just terrible like hard to deal with and they got nothing to lose and boy what a hard thing
it is to be a judge and then you cross the threshold it's like the threshold for me is like
exactly where the judge goes like you look like a queer and then the guy's like it's like it's like
well yeah as difficult as that guy was being like there was like the subtext to it where he's like
yeah but if i just keep fucking poking you that's what trolling is so he's trolling it and it's
just like if i if it's if it's possible for me to go like this enough that you eventually like
engage in some crazy ass behavior then everything is retroactively invalidated but it's like you
don't deserve to be a judge's robe like because he got him to say like you look like a queer and
he's like you call him a queer i didn't say that i said you look like one but it's like he
fucking popped his cork and he did it in exactly the point where the guy was like you want me to
suck your dick he was like psych like presiding over things and like bureaucratically like doing
his thing because it's like oh this guy wants to suck my dick and all this stuff and then he was
like how about you you want to suck my dick and he's like you know what you look like a queer
and and then the shit went down a crazy road of trials where you're going back and forth like i go
back and forth i'm like well okay the judge i'm on the judge's side and then i'm like on the guy's
side and i don't know and the god the goddess point is of course like it's at the point where you
just think of them as two lovers like you're like these guys are having a good time they're avid
and castello like these guys should just live in an apartment together everything's fine and then
as you reach that equilibrium the atonement with the father is i'm gonna kill your family i'm gonna
kill your babies with a hammer and everyone goes silent everyone goes because there is a moment
and then he goes like yeah he can't because it's like you can't have avid and castello with that
guy he the both the judge and the guy like unwittingly achieved peace on earth by being like these
crazy archetypes like that there were more system than man and then the moment that they had equilibrium
the guy who has to subvert everything was like yeah well i'm isis like i'll fucking like i'll
like i'll take this to a place where you can't like i don't want the i don't want that warmth
i can't have that i like when he says like because there was a moment when they seem to be laughing
and having a good time at one point they're clearly going like okay 20 days 40 days 60 days a year
10 years like you're in contempt like you're like you're not getting out of jail as you're
certainly going to trial and then he says i'll kill your whole family and he goes okay that's a
terrorist threat like that's like a million dollars bond like that's a huge thing to threaten
somebody's life especially a judge that's a felony no matter what happened before that including the
judge saying all the stupid shit he said at that moment um then things become absolutely
he doesn't care anymore then they become cathartic because because the guy's going because then the
judge is whereas previously the judge is going well your mouth isn't big enough for my dick or
my mouth everybody like they're both like again they're like rolling around in the same mud but
when the terrorist threat happens the judge gets back out of the mud and now everything is like
washed out and sad it's like a children's book where all the color has drained because you left
it in the bathtub like it's the pages are puffy and things are just like you feel like it's been
through a fire because then it's just like it's still funny and ironic but it's like now it's sad
because it's just like okay now let's go through the motions you're a criminal i'm a judge like
like there's nothing fun about this let's keep danger at the door i don't but then it's like
then the crazy truth of i don't have a sister i don't have a niece i don't have a wife i don't
have anybody i don't have anyone ever i don't have i was born alone i will die alone and we don't
know i was lying about that i'm timely ripped yes and the fact that he's tracking it to the point
that like only a subredator would when he says why would i have grandkids if i don't have kids
we're like wait why are you tracking this yeah we are what were you logical all of a sudden he's
asking questions than only a person that was like a fan of lost would ask in that moment my favorite
moment of lucidity from the defendant is when after he's gotten contempt of court like oh first
like he puts himself in contempt then he earns actual he holds himself into contempt into contempt
which yeah which is great it's promethean yeah and then he gets then he gets held in the court's
contempt and he's gonna do time and then he threatens the guy's family goes okay we're gonna
get the da on this that's a terrorist threat on my family and he doubles down i'm gonna come
after your whole family everybody and he's like okay well that's that's a terrorist threat and
he goes i don't belong in jail i was framed this lawyer wants to want to suck my dick for a bag of
coffee well do you understand though that that's not he's he he's referring to the bag of coffee
thing he's referring to the crime so everyone wants to suck this guy's dick he the the reason he
has a lawyer was you put his first place is because a guy wanted to suck his big dick for a bag of
coffee that he was framed why can't we get this guy's dick on the witness and he's saying his
lawyer wants to suck his dick or he won't represent him so he's just like he's in a you know a
cycle of like this guy maybe has a beautiful dick like like we don't know or he looks like he's
somebody who would like like maybe we don't know i did i did look i don't think you suck a beautiful
dick for a bag of coffee i think it's his own reward because there's enough racial illusions
in the thing i did look it up because it's like i jack off on white boys and i said there's illusions
to like cracker and stuff like that he's a white guy he's a this is a white guy just so you know
it's like southern court i guess it's like you know that's where like he's you know it's like
he's like i i i i i jack off on white boys like he's like like you it's he also likes white
that he refers to the white boys as white boys but it's not weird when you think about it because
it's like oh it's like this we have this yes we have this like prison system and it's like a class
system and it kind of all actually starts to emerge and make sense oh yeah then he's just like
horrible way uh funniest parts of that though who is the uh the the woman that animate or
do the drawings for that uh erica haze uh the cuts to the the court stenographer yeah maybe
god that was brilliant yeah because he's like i'm just doing my job over here uh yeah i i mean i
don't know you know i look i we should we should show another we should show the rick and morty
clip from the thing because all right yeah yeah let's do it this is just a quick clip honestly
it won't follow that because that audio is so clean you understand you're gonna watch an animatic
we showed the one from the pickle episode at the panel this is a different thing this is an episode
in which uh uh it takes place in a post apocalyptic uh future like a road warrior type uh future and
uh they're probably you probably won't you know who knows there's no context it's an animatic
all right eb white we yeah we satisfied that that end of the agreement we packed this theater
by promising rick and morty clips and boy we delivered on that certainly nobody could ever
sue us for that but i'm really fucking dropping the ball in this community script i don't know
what to what to do uh are we still in dr hooters or is that a sidebar yeah no we're still in dr
hooters but we can let we're here we'll cut to all the other characters oh shit i see i don't
are there other waitresses there okay cut to okay i never do that i always leave that to our
writers assistant um okay interior tbd let's just say it's a different location jeff and
danie are making love and
okay
okay this is oh shit yeah you're right
interior deock
okay uh jeff 34 and annie three
three are making love jeff gruntz
uh accusingly to camera confront yourselves confront yourselves he finishes dean
dean they roll over in opposite direction dean's line throw to dean the bed sinks into the floor
dean yeah dean pelton 34 enters dean pelton
deanaling a ding leeing question martin what what are you doing here what
is Schrab getting a credit on this one
dean pelton just just dropping by to dean form everyone about the b story happening in the cafeteria
then
i agree with that the autocorrect
okay all right uh pull out pull out harmonica okay all this week we're deaning a thing that
that is all okay all right all right all right uh the cafeteria oh yeah that's
shit okay right we're cubed okay cubed nice okay all right it's uh copyright
the borg are walking around
okay there we go okay one board in particular
is walking extra fast
we track him or her 34 as they head for a borg lock
borg one to borg lock
open function the door slides open
interior borg picnic area this old-fashioned 1920s style park
has a gaunt has a gar has a gu
checking the internet what are those porch things gazebo there we go gazebo this is how dan writes
at its center
at the google gazebo standing in the gazebo is whoopee whoopee goldberg's character whoopee
i knew this would happen
borg one so did i
then by design
whoopee freaks
what do you mean i mean die
the board shoots a rocket shield
whoopee blocks the rocket the rocket bounces and rick goshets chase
into a reflection tube that bounces and rick goshets chase its trajectory into the borg refinery
exterior explosion
oh
exterior beach continuous
tropes trojan obed rom
a bit call me a b now trojan why what because he dropped that d a i'll explain later pirate's
race toward them on jet skis.
Oh, shit.
Troy.
Run!
Hey, but running!
Sharks run.
Everyone explodes, except Troy and Abed.
Pierce is there.
What?
They run.
Oh, shit.
Dwayne Johnson is in a helicopter.
Interior helicopter.
Yo.
Cockpit.
I'm wrapping while Dan's writing scripts.
I can make money.
That's all.
34.
Everybody's 34.
Helicopter pilot, Asian, female, 34, calls back.
Helicopter pilot, Asian.
That's the best screen direction of all time.
I'm flawless.
I won't do anything to make anyone mad.
She evolves into a beam of light and leaves the movie.
This is a progressive film.
Thank God.
Exterior, ground, same time.
A black dentist watches.
He checks a pocket watch.
Oh, shit.
Black dentist.
Sajely.
Oh.
There's a time for all things.
How do you make it?
How do you?
OK, I don't know how to.
He also manages.
So you can go to another scene.
Interior dentist's office.
Waiting room.
Ha.
Interior dentist's office.
Everyone gay is there.
There's a banner that says, happy gay birthday.
Dennis, a gay dental assistant, looks 34.
Thank you.
He opens his arms as if to hug the world
and turns into a beam of light.
Who's next?
Stuttering kleptomaniac.
Stuttering kleptomaniac, 34.
White enters.
Oh, no.
I need to steal.
He wins.
He wins in Oscar.
You can just say that in the script?
So they came back again.
Everyone explodes.
OK, all right.
Community college.
OK, let's do the actual.
OK.
Yeah, so free back down.
Is that where the, OK, exterior, and there's a building.
OK.
OK, all right.
Library, like, books.
OK, Jeff is reading a book.
Reading a book.
That's good.
OK, Annie comes up.
OK, Britta comes up.
OK, Jeff is like, Britta, what do you want?
Annie is like, is this a bad time?
Britta is like, is it a bad time for pollution or something?
Britta, we get it.
You're too dimensional.
Oh, no.
Oh, shit.
OK, Swippy Goldberg there too, can she come?
They look to see Borg-1 as entered.
Britta's eyes pop wide like in all the CG gags we did in season 3
that everyone fucking hated and referred to during season 4
as if season 3 was evidence that season 4 was good.
It hurts my fucking feelings.
I pretty much innocently responded.
And I guess it was a slow news day for something.
I don't know.
I'm not a good person.
Don't cry for me, Argentina.
Someone has a theater degree.
Exterior Argentina.
All right.
Oh, it's a leisure map.
A leisure map.
Jeff, Britta?
Borg, yes.
Not you.
Britta, what?
Jeff, yes.
Am I in the room?
Britta, is anyone really in the room as long as Israel gets 34%
of our federal fund?
Borg-1.
I may be a hive mind, but I know a hot button when I sense one.
He borks out.
I would have borked out.
And a calling after.
Borg-1.
Are you Ubering?
Duh hands.
I'm a borg.
Aren't...
I'm a borg, bitch.
Aren't I?
Okay.
Any.
Okay, that was timely.
They leave together.
What?
Usually I throw stuff like that to a joke room.
And they go...
So, Jeff, so what do you think?
Britta, about all these shootings?
Harambee.
No.
No, about life.
Yes, about all these shootings.
I'm back.
Get out.
Jeff yells.
Oh, it's getting serious.
It's getting really serious right now.
Should I say...
By the way, Cody, Dan's girlfriend and I went to high school together.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
All right.
There's nine pages.
I mean, I just need to before the show's over.
Before what?
How many pages do you need?
Well, it needs to be an act.
I promised an act of the community movie.
So, like, 15 pages?
I could probably do it, like, as people leave.
And then it'll be done.
I think they get the idea that it's bad.
Okay.
I don't know.
There's a Dr. Hooters.
Okay.
That was cool.
Let's meet some people.
Who and don't, you know, like, we got...
You San Diego, you're awesome.
You're from all over.
By the way, I'm very curious.
How many of you are just from San Diego?
And I don't mean just like that's not a good thing.
I just mean you're just here locally.
So, everyone else, just by a pleasure from somewhere else.
It's much different from our last San Diego show
because we did a show at the...
Tin Roof.
And it was the Sunday after Comic-Con was all over.
And it was actually really prominent.
It was like San Diego natives
because it was like the Comic-Con had closed down.
But we've got real Comic-Con people, like pilgrimage.
Who's from real far away show of hands?
Like, you think you're super far away?
Like, who's from out of country?
What's your country?
I bought tickets in South Korea that I moved to Italy
and I bought Harmontown tickets from Italy.
You bought Harmontown tickets from Italy?
After moving from South Korea.
Who came from farther than Italy?
Right there in the middle?
South Korea.
I bought Comic-Con tickets in South Korea.
But you moved to Italy that bought Harmontown tickets.
Okay, South Korea.
Can you beat South Korea?
The hands went down.
Anybody beat South Korea?
Right there?
Ireland doesn't beat South Korea in anything.
Here's what I'm really curious about.
A lot of you came from far away.
Who thinks that they have kind of a...
A knowledge of kimchi?
Here's what I'd like to do.
I'm going to tell you in advance.
You're intelligent people so you can help me out here.
This is the format I want to go for.
I want to bring up one person that has a dark side of Comic-Con story
and one person who has a light side of Comic-Con story.
One person who has an anecdote that is like,
oh, this is what makes Comic-Con amazing.
This is the only thing that can...
Or just something wonderful that happened to you that caused you joy.
And then another person who has a nightmare story.
And it's up to you.
It doesn't matter how dark.
So who's got a dark one?
You've got your hand up.
So we're going to trust you.
You've got a dark story.
Do you want to come up and share it?
Okay.
Can you hop up here?
Do you want to go through the stairs?
And then who thinks...
I think it's my kettle one.
No, you drank my kettle one.
You don't get any more.
The dark story is that he's a creature that is a slave to his habit.
Joseph.
What's on that?
Have a seat, Joseph.
We're here.
Pick a chair.
Welcome, Joseph.
This is Joseph.
Okay.
And so who thinks they have a...
Who thinks they have a light...
A joyful, like this Comic-Con's great story?
It's not...
There's no hands going up.
If there's...
There's one.
I think I see one there.
There's one over there.
Are your hands shooting up?
Yeah, I'm nodding at you.
Yeah.
Okay.
All right.
Wait.
No.
Oh, I was...
There was a girl in the back.
Or it looks like a girl.
Yeah, I thought...
I'm sorry.
Do we have a woman back there?
She's back there.
Yeah.
Yeah, that was the hand.
We can't see...
Shot your name out or just start charging the stage.
Are you all right?
No, I think...
Well, Levy...
Levy is...
All right, all right.
You know, he...
Thanks, Joseph.
Follow him.
This is special.
Follow him and he's going to take you through the doors so you don't have to jump on stage
wearing your skirt and give everybody the greatest show of their lives.
How are they...
The people that hate the show, how are you guys doing over there?
Good?
Okay.
Oh, it's the Rick and Morty writers.
Jesus Christ.
As everybody...
As you get...
Like, I know the tickets are expensive.
Are you all right?
I'll do whatever.
How about the people real quick?
That was a smattering.
People up in the balcony up there.
Has anybody...
And I want you to be honest.
Has anybody, like, gotten the first base?
Like, any...
Any grabbing up there?
Any making out?
Ah, boo.
Does anybody...
Does anybody feel unsafe with the person they're with tonight?
Or just...
Just his hands shooting up everywhere.
Okay.
We don't know what to do about that.
I don't...
Because we don't know...
Okay.
Call someone.
Yes.
Call someone that you feel safe with.
I don't know.
All right.
So we got Joseph of the N.F.
I'm sorry.
I clicked that bottle.
Joseph of the N.F.
Where are you from?
I'm from China Lake, California.
China Lake?
Sorry.
Yeah.
You stole my kettle and that's what happens.
I asked if you were going to drink it.
I know.
I gave it to you.
And you gave it to me.
Where is China Lake, California?
It's by a town called Ridgecrest.
It's in the middle of Bumfuck, Middleware.
Oh, Ridgecrest.
Yeah.
Have you heard of it?
I knew a guy who moved to Ridgecrest.
Never heard from him again.
Who was it?
Austin.
Really?
Yeah.
You know Austin?
I know him, Austin.
Yeah.
No, that's him.
Oh.
You're on the same tennis team together?
Yeah.
He was huge into tennis.
Really?
Yeah.
Weird.
Anyways, yeah.
So, I've got two dark stories.
So, I'm just going to say the one that involved me personally.
So, okay.
So, this was about two, three years ago.
It was my fourth or fifth, not fourth or fifth time.
Second time at Comic Con.
I was there all four days.
It was a Saturday and I hadn't eaten the whole day.
And, you know, as we all do, we get hungry throughout the day.
Hungry.
Yes.
Thank you.
I know exactly how that feels.
Steven.
I like it.
You're not.
I'm done with Steven.
No.
Steven, your guess at her name was Steven.
There's two Spencers up here.
It's really hard to mess up.
There's Steven there.
There's one here.
You're taking your best guess at what her name might be.
It's Steven.
I was dragged here.
I only know about Rick and Morty.
I'm sorry, guys.
You're not a victim, sir.
You came up on stage.
I did.
We're not going to bully you, but you're not a victim.
Dan, Dan.
Look, I didn't ask for any of this.
I'll wear the black hat.
I may bully him.
Okay.
All right.
So, tell us your dark time.
Joseph, tell the goddamn story.
I'm trying.
It's funny that you guessed Steven.
It's funny you guessed Steven.
Okay.
Anyways.
It's not a girl's name.
It is not.
I hadn't eaten the entire day and I finally paid like $40 for some chicken strips and a
diet coke and some fries.
Set in the scene.
I am.
And interior, San Diego Comic Con 2013.
Sounds about right.
It was diagnosed with cancer a year before.
Okay.
She got real.
She did.
What kind?
No joke.
What are you showing me a scar?
What's going on?
That's my scar.
Okay.
You win.
What the fuck?
No.
Calm down.
He's representing the darkness.
Okay.
What kind of cancer?
Eyelid cell.
It's what Steve Jobs had.
Correct.
I don't even know.
I've never heard that phrase.
I thought Steve Jobs had like pancreatic.
It affects the pancreas but it attaches to the adrenal glands.
Eyelid cells?
No.
Eyelid.
Yeah.
But all my doctors are from different countries so I have no idea what they're saying half
the time.
This is terrifying.
I was 18 at the time.
I'm all good now.
Well, relatively.
I have to go back.
It's life.
You've got to get on.
You've got to move forward.
So this is a year after you've been diagnosed with this?
Yeah.
So I was pretty upset.
I bought $40 worth of food and it was like three things.
Which was one pretzel.
Yeah.
Which was one pretzel and they were like, hey, you want a water bottle?
You've got to give me a hand job.
And I'm like, what the fuck?
Anyway, so there was a conga line of Deadpool cosplayers and I was like, you know what?
I could wait the two minutes for them to all finish up for me to finally sit down and
eat.
And as I am like standing there, one of them looks at me.
You'll be me for a minute.
And they look at my plate and it'll be your mic hand and then they were like, smack it
down.
I know.
It broke my heart.
Your $40 meal.
My $40 meal.
So I just haul off and punched the motherfucker out.
What is this dental curse?
And I think this is the reason why I hate Deadpool.
And I just like haul off just right hook.
And like I put all my energy behind it.
And you're normally a puncher.
Have you thrown punches in anger before?
You know, I've only been in one fight and it was like, you're 6'4", I believe you
said.
Yeah, he was 6'4", and like, all the pounds.
Wait, that's every pound.
That is every pound.
Every single pound.
The pounds you can have.
He was like, hey, nerdy little white-ass motherfucker.
Did you take him down?
Well, no, I threw sand in his eyes, all the dales.
Wait, there's sand at the con...
Where were those nests?
Well, this was at my old high school because we live in the desert.
Wait, is this chicken nugget, Deadpool guy?
Hold on.
No, no, no, no.
The first fight was all the pounds.
Deadpool guy didn't weigh all the pounds.
No, Deadpool guy was like...
The first fight, you threw sand in his eyes, I kicked him in the shins, and I ran away.
Okay, that's a good move.
But Deadpool guy...
That shit still works.
Yeah, it does.
Pocket sand.
Anyways, Deadpool guy, like, I give a solid like...
No title, pocket sand.
Like solid right hook, and I lean into it, and I fall forward and shit, and then like
I finally realized what I did, and I was like, oh shit, I need to get out of here.
Because you got an angry conga line on your hands now.
I do.
A conga line of guys whose gimmick is having two swords each.
Yeah, and you know what?
Like I realized what I did, and I was like, oh shit, I gotta get out of the convention.
When you hit him, like, you hit him in the face?
Oh yeah.
And you knocked him down?
Yeah.
With all the like energy that I had in my body, like, I was like, pah, and like he hits the
ground, and then I was there looking at my food for 10 seconds, and he's looking at me,
or he's not looking at me, I don't know what the fuck he's looking at.
Yeah, you don't know.
He's got a mask on.
Another part of his gimmick.
Yeah.
And then I was like, oh shit, like Comic-Con's the only thing I have.
So I like immediately walk out, and then about two years before that, some guy got stabbed
in the eye by a pencil.
Right.
We were talking about that earlier.
Yeah, that was crazy shit.
Wait.
Was that you?
You can't do that.
Wait, wait, wait.
Back to your story.
We'll read the newspaper about the pencil thing.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Anyways.
What is it?
You knocked a Deadpool the fuck out, and just walked out, because you said, Comic-Con's
all I have, and you just walked out?
Because Comic-Con was all I had, like.
Now you can't come back, because here's a Deadpool killer.
But you have come back.
But you don't know what happened to the Deadpool guy.
No.
I mean, if you're out here, I apologize.
No?
Nope.
Is the Deadpool that got punched?
I think the odds of that are low.
Possibly.
It'd be amazing if he came up and was like, I fucking thought it would be very Deadpoolian
of me to knock your sandwich out of your hand, and I'm so sorry that you got hit.
But he has a tattoo of three chicken nuggets on his shoulder, and he's like, I've come
to kill you.
Like, he's got a tear drop on his arm.
Okay, well, that's it.
I mean, I really thank you for sharing that.
That's a truly dark Comic-Con moment.
Thank you.
Joseph, everybody.
Joseph.
Have a wonderful convention, everybody.
Thank you, Joseph.
That's interesting, because you have a mix of people walking around.
You don't know their back story.
Some people, when we come here to surrender to a bigger thing than ourselves, like being
a nerd is about obsession.
It's about acquiescence to mythology.
People are dressed up as these things.
And I remember one of my first Comic-Con memories was seeing, there were two friends.
One was dressed as Jean-Luc Picard captain, and his friend was old-school Kirk captain.
And the Kirk was having, he was on the floor, like he was having an episode.
And the Jean-Luc Picard guy was like cradling him and going like, they weren't doing a bit.
But they were just two old friends, and one of them was having an actual heart attack.
Oh my God.
Anyways.
All right.
So the light side of Comic-Con.
Mine's really happy.
What is your name?
By design.
My name's Lara.
Hello, Lara.
Hi.
What's your, yeah, what's the other side?
I'm happy now, because it's kind of a bridge of where I started.
I started coming to Comic-Con eight years ago with my dad and my cousin and my uncles,
and we're all really into the same stuff.
And we'd park our car at the Marriott across the street, and we'd pack a cooler full of
beer and sandwiches, and we'd all meet and drink in the parking lot.
Oh my God.
Look, what book I found.
Well, I met this guy, and oh, and I found this signature.
Oh my God.
Well, I think I read his book, and it was so exciting.
And it was kind of just this new universe that was opening up.
And then I moved here to San Diego, partially because I liked it, because I visited for
Comic-Con, and I struggled for a long time being unemployed.
And then I got a job with the newspaper here, the San Diego Union Tribune.
And now I don't have to read the schedule, because it gets emailed to me, and I get invited
to these cool press things.
And I interviewed Farrell Audio yesterday.
Dan, you were supposed to be there, but you were double-booked.
No, double-booked.
That's the bummer.
You're the same man.
I was punching a guy that took my chicken nuggets.
Took your fucking $40 sandwich.
And it's just so exciting, because I've watched it grown, and then in reflection, I can stare
at it and go, oh, and it's watched me grow, and it's just exciting.
I feel at home at Comic-Con.
It's like a mecca for you.
You can't even get absorbed by it.
That is it.
That's good.
So yeah, it's a goddess that gives with one hand and takes with the other, Comic-Con.
I don't know what my point was.
I just thought we could explore that.
And we did.
I think I did a good job.
I think so.
I think I did a good job with this podcast.
No I didn't.
I need to make sure that their money was well spent.
Hey, I'm right over here.
It was well spent.
And you were going to die at one point.
Oh, well, you know, I got to go back next month.
It's up in the air.
Come give me a hug.
Aww.
I had the time of my life and I never felt this way before and I swear it's the truth.
Do the lift.
You got to do the lift.
Uh oh.
Oh god.
Oh no.
Don't do the lift.
Wait, I think if Laura and Joseph get together, maybe we can do the lift.
Laura, can you and Joseph team up and do the Dan Harmon line?
We had two Jennifer Greys.
That was the problem.
Yeah, exactly.
There wasn't a Swayze among us.
Oh, you guys are good.
Okay.
Oh my god.
This will work.
This seems super dangerous, guys.
This is going to be worse.
Don't hurt yourself.
I had the time of my life.
From the legs, Laura.
From the legs.
Oh no.
Oh dear god.
It was great.
It was amazing.
We tried.
You guys win.
You won.
Yeah, it's comic kind of.
I got to first base.
I got really nervous because I heard Spencer going, don't hurt yourself.
He was like, did I get nervous?
I was feeling sorry.
I'm really sorry.
We got to first base.
Call me after.
Wow.
He's dating someone.
Who?
Dan?
Yes.
We're dating someone.
He's dating a hive mind apparently.
Jeez.
I feel like maybe you died in that chicken nugget thing and you're just a ghost.
I might.
You're like the phantom of the comic kind of just come up here to fondle the people on
stage.
All right.
We got to.
Okay.
Hit a beat.
Jeff.
I don't know.
I got to.
I'll take off all my clothes because it's like it's $30.
What?
All your clothes?
Can I say thank you?
He'll take off more of them than you think he will.
Am I still staying up here?
What's going on?
I feel like we should leave.
I mean.
You feel this is so bad.
No, you stay.
Okay.
No, you have to stay.
Wait.
Do I have to match you on the clothes that we take off?
No.
I'll do it.
Okay.
Yeah.
If my husband sees photos of the show.
Cody.
What is going on?
Harvett Town is brought to you by me undies.
Shit.
I guess I just don't say your ticket wasn't worth it.
I don't want you to think, oh, I should have gone to the, the Buffy panel or something.
I don't.
Actually, you shouldn't have.
You should have come here.
I was on this podcast one time before and you took your shirt off and you did the exact
same thing.
Oh no.
I'm not.
No, this is original.
No.
This guy won an Emmy nominated for an Oscar.
Okay.
Play it.
Play it from the top.
Yeah.
Okay.
Go.
Yeah.
Everybody likes to go to Comic Con.
Comic Con.
Everybody likes to ride along.
Ride along.
Everybody wants to go to Comic Con.
When you go to Comic Con, you've got to go all along.
The aisles that are long, you've got to go between the people that are buying things.
Fuck your mama so hard, she put her arm in a sling.
When I fucked your mama at Comic Con, I fucked your mom all Comic Con long.
Four days at the Hilton Bayfront, fucked your mama so hard that my fucking ain't done.
Thursday, I woke up in the morning, went to the hotel, got scornin'.
At your mama, grabbed her finger, said, yo, this Comic Con gonna linger.
Gonna take you to the exhibit hall.
Gonna fuck your mama so hard she's gonna get tall.
Kiss my dick, it's only so long, and she's gotta get longer to make it last long.
It doesn't make any sense.
Friday, get a pretzel.
$40.
Sounds good.
So Friday worked out pretty well.
Yeah, Friday was a good day, oh no.
Stay hydrated.
Saturday, go to the boat.
There's a Game of Thrones motherfucker who got his throat slit.
And so you buy him a shot.
Game of Thrones.
Game of Thrones is the thing to watch.
Fuck your mama so hard that.
All right, all right.
Okay, all right.
Cool.
Next, next.
Yo.
All right.
My girlfriend's taping the whole thing.
What's your name?
Jamie?
No?
Okay, good.
It's good.
It's not Jamie.
I don't know how to work the crowd.
They don't.
She's Amy.
Okay, Amy.
Yo.
Fuck, that was my phone.
I fucked up.
All right, well.
They're not gonna get a new name or they're gonna think I wrote it.
They're not gonna think you wrote it.
Okay.
All right.
Don't look at my back.
Oh, here's the one there.
The only view I can have.
Don't Instagram my back.
Yo.
Yo, good?
AM to the Y.
Fuck your mama so hard.
She said Y.
That sounds bad.
Did you write that?
I had time.
Right now.
All right, what's your name, sir?
That's incredible.
What?
Diego?
Diego.
That's...
Yo.
You got to go we're gonna give you severance gonna give you pay, but you got no dental plan go to hay
Go to hay
You got to go to hay
To go to hay she went to hay
H-a-y is where she went. It was the name of a town. Okay. No fucking god damn it. Do you not don't watch me fail?
Fuck we're gonna you're gonna tell people this show was worth something
Fucking it like don't judge me
Just keep doing the show
I'm here to I can feel it. That's why I'm doing a bad job. I can feel you judge my judgment. Yes
Would you like me to leave? No, don't because they don't feel you judging me worse. So you'll be like, oh, why did Spencer leave?
I just like pray just pray
Hey, all right, one more time or one more time. You can do this. I know you can I can rally behind you. Okay. All right
Clear your head. What do you feel upbeat downbeat you want you out on the smooth tip?
You want on them? I want something slow and I want to like beyond rap, but I don't want to do the gimmicky rap. Yeah
Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, you first let's say for Joseph and Lyra, but it's Joseph and Lyra
To the break of dawn
And comma-con to the break of dawn got the comma-con to the break of dawn
Yeah, I woke up this a m
Touched your cheek. Can it gonna begin again? I want to make love to you all day long
I want to do it in costume at comma-con gonna eat your poison ivy pussy
Yeah, cuz you got the green tights on
And you got the leaves glued to your leotard. Yeah poison ivy pussy
Yeah, I'm gonna eat your poison ivy pussy all day long and touch your body
And feel slowly
Yeah, and move my pussy
On your body
I'm gonna take you to hall H exhibit you for all the world to say. Hey
I'm gonna rock it all night long gonna eat your pussy and comma-con
You better eat it baby
And my poison ivy
All green and salty
This show is worth 36 dollars
Plus fees ticket master
I'm not sure what the show is ever worth, but you know, I want to wake up in the morning with you
To make you a piece of coffee
Doesn't coffee come in pieces it comes in bags. Okay, cool. I knew that I'm not insecure
I've made coffee before
I'm gonna make you a bag of coffee
Show the break of dawn
Trying to figure out how to make coffee. I grew up poor. I don't know how to make coffee
There's so many buttons on this goddamn machine. She just wants you to be you. I know what you mean
Dammit
Half a cup. What the fuck is this? What are these? Are these bad for the environment?
What's
What about those George Clooney metal ones that you recycle fuck that shit like fucking you can come back to me now, baby
I don't know how to make coffee
It's okay, I accept you
Just come lay down with me
To the break of dawn
Because the pussy is green and salty
Yeah, you better taste that
All my life looking for a girl like you. I've gone from comma con to comma con. What about you?
Man, looking for a man like you, babe
You just gave me my piece of coffee. I can't stop now. This is it. It's over. I found my one and only
Oh, you better give it to me, baby
Yeah
You better give me that piece of coffee. I got it. Yeah
More room for cream
Let's hear it for Spencer Crittenden everybody Spencer Crittenden
I'm Jeff Davis. Let's hear it for your mayor everybody. Mr. Dan Harmon. Okay
Also Steve Levy in a rare cameo
Now literally I'm historically speaking you're allowed to leave right now, but uh
Dan might be up here for 24 hours
During precisely this
It's a hidden track
Hidden information like the boiling point of steel
What's the boiling point of steel?
9 11 wasn't inside job
Building seven you'll never hear about it boiling point of steel
Autistic vaccinations
I'm only here because my phone is playing the music. I would have left
Bohemian Grove
Reptilians
Reptilians Alex Jones
David David Inkey
Is it icky?
David Inkey knows about the reptilians
Fuck your mama like her name was angillian. She was an actress from the 80s
Fucked her so hard. She went to Haiti
Did some missionary work in a field?
Fucked your mama until she couldn't feel no more
She was empty and she couldn't feel
No more
She was empty inside. Fucked your mama so hard. I made her two times as wide
Yo, good night everybody. Thank you. All right. Let me
Just remember this is actually happening
You're watching a 43 year old millionaire write a stupid thing in his underwear
He doesn't he doesn't even know you're here
You
Ha
Oh god, what a terrible couple of years it's been who else been long
Wrong needle drop
Harold Ramis. I mean, well, yeah, I mean like well, jeez. I mean, it's just been a terrible
I hate the goat about Jesus. Okay. Come on guys
That's not it. Don't okay.
All right
Oh
Wow
Fade out
Oh
Jesus Christ
Can we get the house lights up and open the doors please
All right, I'm leaving them the music's going off now
Oh
Did you get any of that it's a good a show